well hello loud to know that's I hope
you are doing well this evening and
today as you can see we have another one
up our squad reviews before I get into
this we just want to do a little bit
admin to you guys I'm getting a round
about 20 review requests a day and I'm
so if I don't get back if I don't get
back to you at all take that that the
team's not being used but can I ask for
a favor from you guys when you send your
squad review can you put squad review
dash and then what your team is whether
it's a hybrid of German Spanish or a
two-star British team to star whatever
team it helps me then push out the ones
that I definitely know I cannot use
because at the moment I'm getting them
all with squad review so it takes me
about an hour to go through them all and
it's really you know really time
consuming so if you guys wouldn't mind
when you send me a PM widdle link tell
me a bit but your team if there's
anything I should know for example this
guy here told me some information about
some of the players so that obviously
it's better when I'm given the advice to
you guys by here to buy and such and
puts one of you dash and then a little
bit about it this guy did do that as
well and all those other ones done that
would say dashing ligue 1 team so
definitely do that let me know this team
has been supplied by the holland kid and
i have looked at all the process and the
actual starting eleven it's just over
11,000 coins so it's not a bad team it's
a two starting with a hundred chemistry
that some fast players in here that some
fast goes on the bench as well so it's
not a bad thing is kind of one step up
from you know the league one lead to
bronze or silver bronze teams as well
understand nice players in this team so
that further dude will jump straight in
and get on to the Spurs going here we've
got the first strikeout in Rogers who is
British so I've got to liking you got
the 88 pace on him which is really good
the Schumann 66 is obviously not bad but
the place is what makes this guy what
years dribbling the 68 isn't that bad
either who you are going to be able to
get past a few people next to him who
actually got in a pack which is really
really lucky is this guy at Kenji Kenji
got 78 pays which is good is that sent
to you heading which is good and it's
got a 70 dribbling which is good what's
even better is this guy here is four
star skills
so he's just you know he's going to do
very well for the team before the you
know for this go for star striker always
always boring helps your team out so if
you can get someone with three four or
five stars as a striker he does have to
work for you you know you don't need to
do to me three balls over the top balls
he's going to be able to get past
defenders then behind him we have bone
the stats aren't brilliant but it's his
hidden stat which are brilliant he has a
really really great off opposite foot he
has great stats using the opposite foot
and he also has really good long shots
for a bronze person as well so even
though his visual stats here may not be
the best his hidden stats are really
really good which is why he's in this
guy's team then on the right mood you
have oh nice name you have Lassie I
guess that is I'm nasty kind of average
69 dribbling again is good 92 places
obviously awesome and everything else is
kind of you know it's average but it's
the place that you want as a bronze or
bronze silver team it's the pace which
is going to win you the games you're not
going to you don't need a gold striker
with 900 shop you need the pace to get
past the defenders then the rest is you
know you're only going to be against the
bronze goalkeeper who's not gonna have
the best at so it's the place which is
the way forward then you've got banner
who's got 82 pace and again 67 dribbling
the high 60s is kind of evidence threats
whole team which is good this guy
understands that not that many people
know how to defend on this game and
that's always going to be advantage to
have a good dribbling plan and behind
them you have egg po this guy again has
four star skills which is very good for
a center defensive mid because it means
that if you tackle someone outside your
box you can get away look for easy and
you don't have to rely on passing to
someone else so this long as you can see
is like 86 pays the 78 rib is absolutely
awesome although his defending and
heading is obviously bad for CDM the
rest of all those two stats make up for
it so I hope you can understand what
you've got this guy in his team they've
got a she again 800 pays for left back
is very very good as close to knowledge
you can get left back is brilliant the
other stats are kind of average again 68
dribbling so
another mid 60 and what demerit who's
got average that's to get to his
defending and is heading both in the mid
to high 70 fish is always going to be
good and especially for a silver doesn't
have too much rating on the team then
you have a power very good pace not very
good defending if I'm honest but the
heading is good let me know as well goes
in the description or the comments below
even is there a better center Mike this
guy could get instead of this person
here maybe with a little bit you know a
little bit less place for better
defending and the same heading the next
to him we've got sucko d8 you four
players again on the right back the
other stats aren't that good but it's an
overall good player to have in that
position as his goalkeeper here's Brown
diving could be better speed I never
worry about so much kicking again is a
no I don't worry about reflexes and
positioning is what I usually care about
the reflexes mean brings a be not too
short term knowledge it means if you
like fun keeper and you do a quick shot
how quickly that God keep its gonna be
able to move and get down and save it so
just how quickly his bench here while
we're here just average pires really
this guy's obviously got Cummings has
got awesome awesome place actually 87
times if right mid here some of these
pace machines I like how he's got had
David Beckham they're just sitting
proudly and the reserves over there but
no guys let me know in the description
what did you think about the team did
you like it have you tried to build one
of these before let me know if there's
any teams you guys would like to see and
then obviously if I get sent those teams
I'll bump those up the list keep
building your team's laws keep sending
me the PM's here if you haven't checked
out the previous videos check out the
miiverse up if you want to be in it make
sure you like it and you obviously need
to be a subscriber follow me on Twitter
and put message there keep liking and
viewing obviously manager mode I do
enjoy doing it so I would have to stop
because of user bad and keep doing what
you're doing guys it's awesome we're
getting close to 4k subs now so can't be
going better can't can't want for
anything else some time next time guys
I'll catch you later bye